Kube/default vrack gateway (#274)
ovh/terraform-provider-ovh: website/docs/r/cloud_project_kube_iprestrictions.html.markdown

---
layout: "ovh"
page_title: "OVH: cloud_project_kube_iprestrictions"
sidebar_current: "docs-ovh-resource-cloud-project-kube-iprestrictions-x"
description: |-

>   Apply IP restrictions to a managed Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Apply IP restrictions to an OVHcloud Managed Kubernetes cluster.
```

---

# ovh_cloud_project_kube_iprestrictions

> Apply IP restrictions to a managed Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apply IP restrictions to an OVHcloud Managed Kubernetes cluster.
```

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "ovh_cloud_project_kube_iprestrictions" "vrack_only" {
   service_name = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"

>    kube_id      = "xxxxxxxx-2bf9-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   kube_id      = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxx"
```
